0.0.8 - Update deps. Adds OpenJSCAD.md example to gallery. Establish use of VERSIONS.md for release notes. Modernizes publish.sh to work with latest GitHub Pages changes; also creates a 404.html to support URL routing via subpaths. Add darkslateblue background to SourceEditor.vue. Via quasar.conf.js, enable use of SMARTDOWN_PREFIX environment variable to adjust the prefix path for Smartdown resources.
0.0.9 - Replace usage of vue-prism-editor with monaco-editor. Add ExternalData demo (WIP). Implement the ability to navigate within a page via the heading anchors. Add a 'version' field to 'SQ'. Remove blocks_helper.js and starter.js, which were not being used. Simplified and cleaned some gallery examples. Improved quasar.conf.js so that it works with SMARTDOWN_PREFIX being a path or a local server.
0.0.10 - Update deps. This version mostly being created to fixup a previous error where I incorrectly published 0.0.9 as version 0.0.10.
0.0.11 - Migrated repo from DoctorBud/smartdown-quasar to smartdown/editor. Added 'SmartdownEditor' global variable which currently only has a 'version' field. Updated deps.
0.0.12 - Update deps, including SD v 1.0.65. Added Math.md to gallery examples. Ensure 'process.env.DEBUGGING' is passed via Webpack. Update to Capacitor 5. Disable HighlightJS for ProseMirror, because it doesn't work for block code fragments. Force 'monaco-editor-vue3' to be '0.1.6', because subsequent versions fail. Add 'unescapeMathJax()' to src/components/Editor.vue to dodge MathJax backslashes being double-escaped when serializing to Markdown.
0.0.13 - Update deps. Fix Gallery examples to use '/javascript' instead of '/p5js', so that highlighing and syntax-aware editing occurs properly. Ensure that the Note.vue div is scrolled to top-left upon mount; this fixes an issue where switching from Editor.vue to SourceEditor.vue sometimes resulted in an a partially scroll SourceEditor. Removed dead code from Smartdown.vue. Auto-load example Gallery if Gallery is empty.
